---
title: 2020 Thoughts
date: 2020-09-19 14:40:00 +/-TTTT
categories: [blog, thoughts]
tags: [blog, thoughts, rant] # TAG names should always be lowercase
pin: false
---

# 2020 so far

In a nutshell, I'd say life has been great so far in 2020.

Now don't get me wrong. I don't want a global pandemic to destroy the world or anything, but the thing is I love the quarantine life. Now that I type this out, I guess this makes we an introvert (whatever)

# The Race

As a Grade 12 Indian student, I gotta say this upfront, life kinda sucks (sometimes).

Again a disclaimer here -- I am very very privileged to be born into a financially stable and nice family, and _I am grateful_ for it. Now, if you're an Indian you'll understand where I am going with this, if you don't understand at this point congratulations, you never had to experience it. Stay with me, I'm gonna break it down for you

## The Expectation

I'll get straight to it, you expect an Asian kid to perform well in their academics (not being racist here), so you'll probably don't need to tell us about our own folk. Almost every Indian parent (of the current parent generation) expects their kid to be smart and intelligent (and mind you, most parents' idea of 'smart' are not the regular smart) and I don't blame them for it. I am actually grateful that I'm a Gen Z because the millennial kids had this in a way worse-r form . The moment a child is born the father labels him a Doctor or an Engineer (notice I wrote 'him' and not them) and when the kid doesn't live up to his 'reputation' he is declared wasted.

You know what I'm gonna stop it at this, if you're really interested, checkout the hugely viral Quora post which will give you an almost perfect idea in what I'm talking about --> [Read the full thing to get the true idea](https://www.quora.com/Which-coaching-institute-is-best-for-my-kid-in-5th-standard-for-IIT-JEE-preparation)

I think I'm gonna stop my rant here as I feel so good about myself after throwing all my thoughts for the Internet to read

✌

PS. I am not done with my rant, I'll be back
